Why did the people of the three major sects join forces to attack the mountain?
Qingyun Sword Sect is the bottom of the private sect
Now that the three major sects have joined forces, we can't beat them even more
Could it be that my Qingyun Sword Sect is going to die today?
So many of you are bullying my disciples
Could it be that when there is no one in our Qingyun Sword Sect
You are not welcome here
Go away
Isn't this leaf red fish?
The defeated generals dare to clamor in front of this holy son
Today is different
Today's Qingyun Sword Sect
It's not the soft persimmon under Situ Haotian
You are not my opponent either
Hahahaha
Just rely on your broken inheritance of the virtual fan technique
Xianjun thought we didn't care about the cultivation method
If you don't believe me, try it with your life
It's a sin for you to sell nuns
Even if you complete the exercises, what can you do?
Woman is woman
Can it be turned upside down?
Hahahahaha
Although it cannot be turned upside down
But it's more than enough to trample you under your feet
I really don't know the sky and earth
This Son does not care about you
Let your wish immortal get out and die
Humph
I heard that he is still a yellow-haired girl
I will bring my master to meet him
If you want to see my master, you are not qualified to see it